EIP 4626 - Removed outdated info from rationale (#4821)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4626.md

a user would optimize for a specific number of shares (`mint`) rather than specific amount of underlying (`deposit`).
However, it is easy to imagine future Vault strategies which would have unique and independently useful share representations.

The `max*` methods are used to check for deposit/withdraw limits on vault capacity. These can be consumed off-chain for more user focused applications or on-chain for more on-chain aggregation/integration use cases.

> If implementors intend to support EOA account access directly, they should consider adding an additional function with the means to accommodate slippage loss or deposit/withdrawal limits, since their transaction will revert if the exact amount is not achieved.

Reviewer: Don't know why this was wrong before
```suggestion
If implementors intend to support EOA account access directly, they should consider adding an additional function call for `deposit`/`mint`/`withdraw`/`redeem` with the means to accommodate slippage loss or unexpected deposit/withdrawal limits, since they have no other means to revert the transaction if the exact output amount is not achieved.
```

Author: Moved into "Security Considerations" following @fubuloubu's wording.
